Update references to faucets in the docs (#328)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/Developer Reference/link-token-contracts.md

> 🚰Kovan Faucets
>

> > Testnet LINK/ETH is available from https://faucets.chain.link/kovan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Testnet LINK and ETH are available from https://faucets.chain.link/kovan
```

> 🚰BSC Faucet
>

> > Testnet LINK is available from <a href="https://faucets.chain.link/chapel" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer, noopener">the community faucet</a>.

Reviewer 2: I don't think these are community faucets any more - maybe the text should match what we say above for kovan/rinkeby?

> 🚰Mumbai Faucet
>

> > Testnet LINK and MATIC are available from <a href="https://faucet.matic.network/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer, noopener">the official matic faucet</a> and <a href="https://faucets.chain.link/mumbai" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer, noopener">the community faucet</a>.

Reviewer 2: same here

> 🚰Avax Faucet
>

> > Community Faucet: https://faucets.chain.link/fuji

Reviewer 2: same here

> 🚰Fantom Faucet
>

> > Community Faucet: https://faucets.chain.link//fantomtestnet  

Reviewer 2: same here

> 🚰Arbitrum Faucet on Rinkeby
>

> > Community Faucet: https://faucets.chain.link/arb-rinkeby

Reviewer 2: same here
